In front of Jiang Xue
It's not convenient for me to tell him things
Zhengting brother
I'll be your wife soon
The fact that he hit me
If you don't get me justice
It will also damage your reputation if it is spread out.
How come?
Your fiancee is firing me
Jiang Caicai is the director of the clothing department
What qualifications do you have to fire him?
I'm your fiancee
Brother Zhenting
I don't even have that right? You don't.
apologize
You asked me to apologize to him
I suggest you do the same
Sorry, I'm a little deaf.
Can't hear you clearly?
Louder
Sorry.
Yes, I do.
I'm sorry for pretending to be a tiger in front of me
You did it yourself
Where did you get my file?
Where are you going to put it back?
Vegetables
You don't have to explain my marriage to me
The reason why you stayed in the story
Is it because you still have me in your heart?
narcissism
I have a clear separation of work and life
You are my boss.
We broke up.
Doesn't mean I'm leaving. Bye.
I have to explain the marriage to him